<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>

<p align='center'>
  <img src='https://github.com/tunebond/base.link/blob/make/view/base.svg?raw=true' height='192'>
</p>

<h3 align='center'>base.link</h3>
<p align='center'>
  A Link Text Package Manager
</p>

<br/>
<br/>
<br/>

## Welcome

Check out the [Book](note/readme.md) for the most up-to-date info on the
project!

_This is all just experimentation at this point, so buyer beware! But
would love to bounce off ideas with anyone out there interested in
programming language design and implementation._

We are developing a suite of repositories for natural languages and
programming languages.

For the programming language, `link`, and it's compiler, `base`, we are
making a language that works across devices (similar to Dart/Flutter, or
better yet, [Haxe](https://haxe.org)), which will give you a minimal
footprint. That is, you will be able to learn the least amount possible
to have the most possible power and so the biggest impact with the least
effort. But at the same time, you will have direct access to the native
objects in their original form, so you can have maximum optimization
potential and use the underlying architecture's standard paradigms when
necessary (such as pointers in the server-side/rust-like environment,
which don't exist in JavaScript/browsers). This is possible thanks to
the ownership ideas from the Rust community and the like, "move
semantics" allow this to work.

## Future

```
pnpm add @tunebond/base -g
```

## Project Cleanliness

Parentheses are always avoided in our base style. All files are named
`base.link` inside of a folder, along with an optional `test.link` test
file. Certain folder collections are standard, like Ruby on Rails.

## License

Copyright 2021-2023 <a href='https://tune.bond'>TuneBond</a>

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may
not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain
a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

## TuneBond

This is being developed by the folks at [TuneBond](https://tune.bond), a
California-based project for helping humanity master information and
computation. TuneBond started off in the winter of 2008 as a spark of an
idea, to forming a company 10 years later in the winter of 2018, to a
seed of a project just beginning its development phases. It is entirely
bootstrapped by working full time and running
[Etsy](https://etsy.com/shop/tunebond) and
[Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/s?rh=p_27%3AMount+Build) shops. Also
find us on [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/tunebond),
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/tunebond), and
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/tunebond). Check out our
other GitHub projects as well!
